Blurb and photo for the website announcement:


Chris Chapman - Doctor Who documentarian and writer

Starting in 2007, Chris directed nearly 40 documentaries for the Doctor Who DVD range, including the award-winning "Looking For Peter", "Living with Levene" and "Hadoke vs HAVOC." He was the producer of the two animated Ice Warrior episodes as well as creating many of the VTs for the BBC3 Doctor Who Afterparty in 2013.

Recently, he has started writing Doctor Who stories for Big Finish - "The Memory Bank" starred Peter Davidson and was released in 2016, whilst his next script "The Middle" with Colin Baker is out in November.

He is a massive geek and hopes to be in good company.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rosa Watkinson

R B Watkinson was born in The Netherlands and now lives in Devon. She has also lived in Africa and the Middle East – where her eldest of three was born. She has visited the Far East and much of Europe and Scandinavia. She has also worked in Paris and Copenhagen. 
R B Watkinson was raised on mythologies, legends, and tales from all over the world as her father was a collector and translator of ancestral legends, fairy stories, and creation myths and explains why she loves fantasy. Her tastes are eclectic as she also loves science fiction, horror, historical fiction, mysteries, thrillers, crime, and many other genres of writing.
In the past, R B Watkinson has worked as an editorial secretary, in special educational needs teaching, and in publishing. She now runs a small-holding, is Co-Chair of a local amateur dramatic company, sings folk music with a local group, and works on the occasional film as an extra. 
With her children grown, writing is now her main occupation
R B Watkinson has written (and illustrated) a children's book, a play, screenplays, numerous poems, and short stories. One of her reviews was published in the BFS Journal. After completing the Diploma in Creative Writing at Oxford University in 2011, she began writing the Wefan Weaves Trilogy. Book one, The Cracked Amulet, was published in January 2016, and was long-listed for the David Gemmell Morningstar Award. A New York publisher, Essential Audio Books, brought out the audio version in February 2017. 
Book two, The Fractured Portal, should be out in September of this year – writing juices willing.
R B Watkinson feels extremely lucky to be an author and to do what she loves in the comfort of her own home – or any cafe with good coffee, preferably above a book shop. Even though she sometimes writes into the small, quiet hours of the night, or is driven from bed before the sun rises by her drill-sergeant muse. For her, to create with words the worlds she has dreamed of is intoxicating.


"My name is Jonathan Green and I am a freelance writer of speculative fiction, with more than sixty books to my name. Well known for my contributions to the Fighting Fantasy range of adventure gamebooks, and numerous Black Library publications, I have also written fiction for such diverse properties as Doctor Who, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Sonic the Hedgehog, Judge Dredd, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

I am the creator of the Pax Britannia series for Abaddon Books. The eighth novel set within this alternative steampunk universe featuring the debonair dandy adventurer Ulysses Quicksilver is Time's Arrow. In 2015 I also put a dark, steampunk spin on a children's classic, when I published Alice's Nightmare in Wonderland.
As well as my fiction work, I have also written a number of non-fiction books including Match Wits with the Kids, Christmas Explained: Robins, Kings and Brussel Sprouts, and YOU ARE THE HERO - A History of Fighting Fantasy Gamebooks.

I spend most of my time behind a keyboard in West London."
